Hi friends. Today's show is
brought to you by Datadog
a full stack monitoring platform
for dynamic infrastructure and applications
with 250 plus integrations, customizable
dashboards and algorithmic alerts. Datadog
empowers your team to visualize
and optimize every layer of
your stack. Start a free
14 day trial and Datadog
will send you one of
their t-shirts visit bitly.com/data dog
shirt to get started. That's
bitly.com/data dog shirt. . Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. And today I'm talking
with Marcus Carey. He's renowned
in the cybersecurity industry. He
owns threat care.com and just
put out a book with
Jennifer, Jen called the tribe
of hackers. How are you,
sir? I'm doing great. Thanks
for having me. Yeah, thanks
for hanging out. Now I
understand that you started your
career in the, in the
us Navy, but were you
hacking before that? I wasn't
hacking computers. I was, I
was very curious and taking
apart things and building stuff
with my hands. So the
U S Navy gave me
access to start doing a
work computers though. And how
long ago was that? Because
I understand you also have
a master's degree in, in
network security. Yeah, so it
would have been probably 24
years ago. I'm 43. I
joined the military when I
was 18, the military, I
did good on my, my
interest exam. So I got
into a technical Phil call,
call cryptography, and, and ever
since then, I've been super
technical. And so you just
take a test and then
they say, all right, you're,
you know, you'll be on
the top of the boat.
You'll be on the bottom
of the ship. You'll be
this crypto person. Like, how
do you, did they direct
you into cryptography? Or did
you have an interest in
that already? So when I
went to the Navy, I
just wanted to work with
computers and you take a
test, an entrance, you take
an interest exam and they,
they, they use that entrance
exam to see what career
fields that you're most likely
going to be successful in.
And so that ended up
being cryptography for me. That's
pretty amazing. I mean, and
now you're raising what, $5 million
in venture capital. Yeah. So
we've for threat care, we've
raised over $4 million in funding.
That's fantastic. It's, it's so
interesting to hear about how
people come up, because like,
for me, I tell the
story about how my fifth
grade teacher loaned me an
Apple too, because I was
getting into trouble and she
tried to keep me inside
other than causing trouble on
the streets. And so she
loaned me this Apple too,
if that had not happened,
I wouldn't be doing this.
I wouldn't be talking to
you. Like I would have
it. Like, it'd be like
that. You know, those movies
where like someone's life splits
in half and they're doing
something entirely different. If you
hadn't taken that test or
that test that told you
had told the Navy that
you'd be good at something
else, you would have been
a whole different person. Yeah,
certainly. But you know how
I kind of look at
the world and life is
nothing happens on accident. And
so everything that Mets to
be is meant to be,
so I was meant to
be in the military, you
know, all the good stuff
and bad stuff, even I
think there was meant to
be. So it's just the
way my script was written.
That's fantastic. So now you
work at threat care, you
own it. You're founder and
CEO of threat care and
you are simulating intrusions on
networks. Yeah. So definitely imitating
intrusions. Essentially we imitate black
hat hackers on networks in
order for our customers to
find out where they need
to improve their cyber security.
And the cool thing about
it is that we've automated
that process. So anybody can
use our software and, and
look like that there some
kind of awesome hacker. Interesting.
Okay. So I'm not a
hacker, like I break stuff
occasionally, but I've never really
felt like I was hacking.
So the, the thing I
find interesting is how people
be like they enter InfoSec
and then it's there. They're
always looking at everything with
a secure perspective. You know,
they're always thinking about how
to break something. Does the
software allow me to think
like a, or is it
thinking for me like, like
a hacker, What a software
lays out, different different steps
in a methodology that a
hacker would take as funny
because you can actually, you
know, have you, have you
ever did a multiple choice
test where you have to
select on a computer where
you have to drag and
drop the answers. So we
allow people to drag and
drop attacks and push play
essentially, and you can do
an attack. So we let
you kind of like pick
from a, you know, from
an ingredients and then you
can build your attack step
by step. And that attack
could be like, the first
thing that happens is, you
know, they're stilling this and
then I moved to this
computer and then they steal
credit cards and then he
sent them across the network
and all those different things.
So you can script it
out in a scenario. Interesting.
It's like an orchestrator. Yeah,
definitely. You can orchestrate the
cyber taps. Yeah. That's pretty
cool. So yeah, You also
went to and put a
book together that now I've
just seen is on Amazon
now called tribe of hackers.
And it's basically cybersecurity advice
from the best hackers in
the world. And as of
us talking right now is
number one release in, in
computer hacking, you put this
together with Jennifer gin. Yeah.
So we released that book
three weeks ago. It's pretty
much been number one book
has been borrow. We've sold
thousands of copies of the
book, all the proceeds go
to charity too, by the
way. And so Jennifer is
actually my head of communications
at threat care. So she
actually helped me put that
together and manage the project
for us. Okay. And you
actually went and talked to
a bunch of hackers and
cyber cybersecurity experts. Some of
which are people that we
know their names that are
famous and some that are
maybe up and coming that
we might not have heard
of. Yeah, absolutely. It was
important to get a good
blend. I see in life,
sometimes you could actually talk
to people that are like,
ha have some, all these
accolades and sometimes you can't
relate to them as much.
So sometimes in life you
need a mentor. They're just
a little bit further down
the street than you are,
or, you know, the road
should you, should I say,
basically they accomplishes a little
bit more than you have
and you, and that, that
sometimes that advice is the
best advice you can get
while you're shooting for the
stars. So we took a
pretty balanced approach where so
many people are famous. I'm
using air quotes here because
you know, we're all nerds.
So I, you know, I
don't know if there's such
thing as a famous nerd,
but, but yeah. So we
put the book together and
funny enough, some of the
people that weren't real world
non have, have hit me
up in now, they're getting
invited to speak at conferences
and stuff. So it's been
great for their careers as
well. Yeah, that's great. I
feel that way sometimes about
this podcast, there's folks that
I've talked to while they
were on the come up
that are now, you know,
amazing, huge people. And it's
like, I feel like, Oh,
that was great. I was
a step on the, on
the, on the stairs as
a part of their come
up. And then I hear
like, Oh, so-and-so's doing this
or doing that. It's like,
Oh, I had them on
the show five years ago.
That's great to lift people
up like that. Oh 100%.
And that's why I encourage
people. If you have an
opportunity from a business perspective
to pitch into pitch competitions,
the more and more your
name and your brand is
out there, it all comes
back around. And they're they
say that there is no
such thing as an overnight
success, right? So somebody might
just see you in and
think, Oh, you just came
up. You know, but you
know, you've been at this
for 10 years, 20 years,
30 years. Right. So there's
no such thing as an
overnight success. It is great
to be part of other
people's, you know, journey along
the way. And it just
makes you feel good inside.
I think God actually created
us to be a blessing
to other people. So we
can feel that that feeling,
that, that gives you, that
you can't get that with
any other thing. Hmm. I
appreciate that. I appreciate that.
So you modeled the book,
a tribe of hackers on
this idea that Timothy Ferris
had this tribe of mentors
where you would come up
with a solid group of
questions and you would add,
ask a huge number of
people, those questions. So you
put down 14 questions around
cybersecurity, almost like a FAC,
but then you found like
70 different people who are
all like notable hackers and
ask them those 14 questions.
And that, that resulted in
a really great of course
edited and curated book. Yeah,
certainly I'm a big fan
of Tim Ferris. Funny enough.
He moved to Austin. I've
been following me ever since
the four hour workweek. And,
and that's what I'm saying,
like these kinds of podcasts,
your podcast, it can be
used to inspire people. You
know, there might be somebody,
you know, come five years
later and says, Oh man,
I heard that podcast, you
know, that you were on.
And so, yeah. So I
love the fact that people
like Tim Ferris, I'm also
kind of a big fan
of Gary Vaynerchuk. Those guys
been putting in work for
so many years. And then
you see that they finally
have some kind of come
up and inspire other people
to do similar things. Yeah.
Show will probably be somewhere
in the 670 600 and
show 680. I had Timothy
Ferriss on this show in
June of 2007, 12 years
ago, he was show number
70. Wow. So check that
out. Wow. That's dope. And
like, yeah. So that's what
I'm talking about. I mean,
that, that shows that like
you've been putting in that
work too. So that's why
you have such a big
following. Well, I don't have
that. I don't have that
Gary Vaynerchuk money, but I
would keep grinding though, because
we have fun here on
the show. Love it. So
you said also that entrepreneurship
is a big part of
your life and that you've
worked on and sponsored pitch
contest. Why do you think
pitching is so important for,
for people who are doing
startups? I think I tell
people that life's a pitch.
You always pitch into people.
You always push into people
that could be your future
employees. Like people that you're,
you know, they know that
they know you, they know
your brand, they know that
you're about your business. You're
also pitching to investors. Cause
like, even though that first
time you might not get
an investment, what they're looking
at, you, they're looking at
you longterm over time. And
as you pitch and you
pitch and you're out there
to hurt your story, they
hear your progression. They going
to invest someday. And then
you, you, so you always,
you're also pushing to a
customer. So people are listening.
Those customers are also listening
to your story. And so
pitching allows you to be
able to, to sell essentially
yourself to all those three
different people. And so it's
good to keep that, to
keep tight and always be
able to tell your story.
One of the things that
we we've actually both worked
on this idea of pitch-black,
which was a S a
M pitch contest for people
of color. There was one
in Portland, there was one
in, in Austin where you
are located. W you think
it's important for underrepresented folks
to make sure that they're
getting their faces out in
front of people that look
like them, but also people
who You're 100%. Yeah. It's
a great opportunity to get
out there and be inspirational.
So the, the first pitch
blogs that they had in
Austin, I was a judge
and I got to give
feedback and I've actually mentored,
it had like, you know,
coffee with, with some of
those founders and, and, and
still, you know, associate with
those funders, even though I'm
not a billionaire yet I'm
able to pass on the
stuff that I do know.
And so also sponsor hackathons
as well. And, you know,
just like anything that I
can do to, in the
academic that I sponsor is
at Houston Houston Tillotson, which
is what's is a historically
black college in Austin, Texas.
So I taught, I taught
there, I sponsored their hackathon.
I would, their hackathon I've
helped mentor kids there through
different programs. So the only,
the only way that people,
you know, that you know,
that they look like me
are gonna come up, is
if people start investing more
in that. And I mean,
people that look more like
them either invest in time,
if you don't have money
to invest, but I'm just
blessed that I can actually
volunteer time and, and money
when I can. Yeah. I
think that people don't realize
that the investing of time
is so important. Like simply
showing up, showing up to
a hackathon, showing up to
a, a college or university,
you know, not everybody has
the money that they can
donate, but simply being present
is, is an important thing
showing solidarity. Yeah. 100%. I
tell this to everyone, especially
investors. I wish investors showed
up more to those events
because even if they're not
making an investment, they definitely
can give some game, show
their show, their presence, and,
and also show that the
investors are just normal people,
just like everybody else. You
know, at the end of
the day, I just want
to show people that you're
human, you know, the four
from an investor perspective, from
an entrepreneurial perspective, from a
developer perspective, there is no
magic going on here. And
sometimes the kids, you know,
the come from where I'm
from, they think it's all
magic. Yeah. I feel like
we don't sometimes teach the
kids how to interact socially.
Like the importance, like you
go to a conference, that's
one thing, but then you
spend time in the hallway
conference, you know, the, the,
the conference outside the conference,
if you're not able to
have those interactions, you can
have, you'll have less of
a good time and you'll
be less likely to network
with people. Yeah. 100%. What
I try to tell kids
to do most of all
though, definitely important to interact,
but I like, I like
for them to be comfortable
in their own skin and,
and be, and be themselves
and be authentic because a
lot of times I see
people trying to be somebody
else. They might see a
tempers or a Gary Vaynerchuk
or whatever. And what they
do is they'll try to
imitate that person swag. Or
if they see a, a
famous black person or whatever
that may be like, you
know, you were made to
be special, everybody's special in
our own way and just
be yourself at all times.
And that's the best way
to interact, because what happens
is if you're not being
authentic in those hallways, like
you're talking about people going
to think you fake, they
can tell, you can tell
when somebody is acting or
putting on a front, then
you can tell when somebody's
being genuine. And the people
that are genuine always have
the most uptake as far
as like getting what they
want accomplish. I think that
there's just because of the
rise of social media and
particularly things like Instagram, which
I'm, I'm now convinced that
Instagram has just to make
me feel bad about myself
and my career. Everybody in
Instagram is getting on a
private jet. And I'm like,
you know, sitting at subway
sandwiches while I'm scrolling through
Instagram, looking at all these
people on their jets. And
I'm thinking to myself, there's
so many people out there
kicking butt that how can
I possibly kick butt and
know, I try to keep
my kids from looking at
stuff like that. But it's
just very interesting way to
think about it. Like how,
how can one be unique
and be themselves when we
have the w when we
now have the ability to
see everybody out there doing
stuff and not find it
overwhelming, like if I'm already
established, I can look at
these things and I can
say, well, good for them.
You know, I'm doing fine.
They're doing them cool. But
if I'm on the come
up, seeing your success might
stress me out. Yeah. Certainly
the thing that I tell
people is it's the whole,
it's, it's, it's a saying
it's attributed to Benjamin Franklin where
they say, believe half of
what you see and none
of what you hear. So
when I see people on
stuff, I just believe half
of it. And even when
an adventure game, when, when
you heard somebody raising a
lot of money, that doesn't
mean that they're actually operating
a successful business or a
profitable business, like in this
game, in venture capital. Usually
when you raise money, you
have 12 to 18 months
to prove it. And so
in it's all in an
experiment. So what you'll see
is usually to see somebody
raise 10, 20, $30 million, and
then 12 to 18 months
later, they're flopping fluffery. So,
so I would encourage people
to don't believe the hype,
all public enemy song. But
yeah. So you're going to
see people, you're going to
see people do that. And
don't, don't pay attention at
all because half of it's
fake and then like on
a hearsay, like the second
half of that saying is
believe none of what you
hear, you're going to hear
rumors and all that stuff
all the time about how
somebody is doing this or
doing that. Just, I don't
believe it. I think that's
an important thing to remember
that flex. Like if you're
flexing, if you have that
much time to flex on
social media, are you actually
doing the work? Because most
of the people I know
that are really successful in
doing well are doing well,
because they're doing the work
and you don't, you don't
see them. They're not, they're
not as visible. And you
won't see them on social
media. You'll see them at
hackathons or you'll see them
at local events. Yeah, certainly.
And I like what you
said there, local events and
hackathons are great ways to
network with people. If you
know, people follow me on
Twitter, I'm always encouraging and
trying to help people out.
And that's another form of
networking. So how are you
contributing to making other people's
lives better? And so in
business, you either going to
save people time or money.
So those are the things
that you have to, that
you have to do. And,
and I would tell you,
like, if you're helping people
like that, then you're going
to be more successful. It's
more about cultivating those relationships
and building good relationships. So
those are the people that
are going to win. The
people that are promoting themselves.
They're there. They're all about
me, me, me, and most
of the time, those people,
they're not going to win.
You're a very good developer,
Probably regardless, you write bugs
and that's unavoidable. What is
avoidable is wasting time trying
to track down the cause
of those bugs century.io provides
full stack error tracking that
lets you monitor and fix
problems in real time. See
the severity and scope of
the error. Get immediate access
to the stack, trace, connect
the problem to the commit
that caused it and fix
it without delay century a
name that's so common. We
have to include our top
level domain in our advertising
to make sure you remember
them. century.io, that's century S
E N T R y.io,
open source, full stack, web
apps, native apps, mobile games,
smart oven mitts. If you
can program it, sensory can
make it far easier to
fix any errors you encounter
with it. Let's fix broken
code together. Visit century.io. Someone
told me something that was
interesting, that I'm about avoiding
being a transactional networker. They
were getting into the software
community, going to events and
stuff. And they were interacting
with people who seem to
keep score on things that
they were routing. Like you
would route someone to another
person you say, yeah, you
should talk to. So, and
so, which is great that
you should do that. You
should say, Hey, Marcus, you
should meet so-and-so and they'll,
and then boom. But if,
if I'm keeping score and
then I call you later
and I say, Hey, you
know, I've referred you to
six people or Hey, You
know, I've, I've let you
know, I've been basically keeping
score about all the different
things and then suddenly calling
in a favor. That's what
they call transactional networking. And
it's definitely unhealthy. I've wonder
if you've ever bumped into
that because it sounds like
you give freely of your
time. Yeah. And it totally,
I love what you're talking
about here. And the thing
that I I've also noticed,
the thing that bugs me
about some of those things
is I like, why aren't
you helping the person really?
Because this is what I
see definitely in the, you
know, cause I'm black, right.
So I see that in
different places, there's, there's one
or two black people that
they refer all the black
people too. And so in
Austin, there's one or two
people that you need to
meet such and such. Or
like, since I'm in cybersecurity,
there's one black guy that
everybody tells me, have you
talked to such and such,
do you know this person?
And I'm like, eh, they're
routing all the black people
to that one person. And
so that person it's cool,
but why aren't you helping?
Like, you know what I'm
saying? It blows, but that
blows my mind. And then
at the end of the
day that the black person
that they're routing people to,
even if they're a VC
or angel or a successful
entrepreneur, they don't have the
bandwidth to answer every black
person's question that, that they're
getting routed to for. Does
that make sense? Yeah. Well,
I think th th there's
a, there's a myth amongst
any group that there can
be only one. So for
my friends, like I'm a
type one diabetic and I
have a pump and I'm
very visible about that. Like,
this is something that I,
you know, you can't hide
being black, but I could
certainly hide being diabetic. I
don't need to tell people
about it, but I think
that young diabetic kids need
to see people that are
successful and healthy and living.
So then I'm invisible about
that. So then I become
the one that everyone sends
their diabetic friends to like,
like five, six times a
week, Hey, can you have
coffee with so and so,
Hey, can you have lunch
with this person? They just
became diabetic. Their kid just
became diabetic, but there's lots
of other people who can
step up and help out.
And I don't, but I
don't want to be salty
about that. You know? So
it's this balance where you
want to represent, but at
the same time, there's a
huge, huge community. Why is
it just going to be
gotta be me? Yeah. You
kind of made me think
about that a little bit,
but yeah. So I, I
definitely think that, that I
think that anybody can help.
So I would say like,
see what you can do
for that person before passing
them on. Because a lot
of times there's, everybody has
a unique skill set, you
know what I'm saying? And
so, you know, what can
you do to help that
person out? You know? And,
and that's what, that's what
I'm talking about. I think
people see, like we're talking
to, we were talking about
Tim Ferriss and Gary and
just paint, things like that.
They see like that. And
they think, well, they're so
successful. They have these blogs,
they have a whole media
behind it. How can I
help? Like, I'm just trying
to get people to blog
and podcast. And they'll say
things like, well, what can
I offer? And you can
offer your story, right? You
can offer how you got
there. That's interesting. And that's
unique to you. We shouldn't
second guess ourselves and say,
I have nothing to offer
because you know, I'm not
as far ahead as Marcus
and InfoSec. Oh, you've been
here. You're, you're preaching, man.
You land down a sermon,
man. It's like, everybody's an
expert at something you're, you're,
you're experts yourself. Probably. You're
probably an expert at your
background, the food, the culture,
wherever you come from, you
probably know more about that
than 99% of the people
and somebody out there is
going to find that super
interesting. And I think the
number one thing that I
do when I mentor people
is I make them believe
that their bad ass is
just like, look, man, you
know, it looks so still
look, brother, this is what
you have that, that nobody
else has. And everybody has
a superpower and I encouraged
them to use whatever that
superpower is a for good.
It's just like, if you
watch Marvel, people have all
these different powers. I encouraged
them to find a superpower
and use that for good.
Yeah. It's funny. I love
that. You're saying these things,
because I say the same
thing. Like we just met
now doing this podcast, but
I have like productivity talks
and talks that I've given
where I literally have on
the slide. Everyone is an
expert at something like find
your superpower. I tell my
kids, I've got an 11
year old and a 13
year old. They haven't figured
out what their super powers
are yet, but we'll figure
it out. Like it could
be storytelling. It could be
speaking. It could be being
in a play. It could
be lifting others up. We
don't know. But once they
find it, they're going to
be unstoppable. Yeah. 100%. So
that's why I'm actually a
fan of the Incredibles because
he watched it at movie.
The kids are actually figuring
out how they fit in
with their superpowers and how
they compliment each other as
a family and a team
and all that stuff. So
that's all that it is.
If you haven't found that
superpower, you know, sometimes your
super power, other people see
it, but you don't see
it. Like my wife is
the best listener I've ever
seen. And people randomly, even
when we're out somewhere, randomly
people were pour their heart
out to her and she
just listens. So that's a
form of empathy where she
just listens and the people
are delighted that somebody listened
to them. So that's, that's
a superpower. Not everybody has
time to listen to somebody.
It could be as simple
as that, you know what
I'm saying? So, but sometimes
like I see that when
I look at my wife
and I'm like, man, that's
crazy. But my wife think
that's just normal. So Superman,
he believes it's natural for
Superman to be super strong,
super fast or whatever. That's
no big deal to him,
but the own lookers can
all see like, God dang,
that dude has all those
powers. Right? So sometimes you
have to ask people, what
am I really good at?
And then they can help
you out. Yeah. My, one
of the things that I'm
trying to learn about is
like how to be really
empathetic. I I'm a fixer,
right? I want to fix
everything. My wife is a
listener, so she will tell
me, she says this thing
in her culture called cry
with the crying. Someone will
call. They'll have a problem.
Of course, I'm like, all
right, let's break it down.
Let's break down the problem.
We'll fix it. That's not
really healthy because this is
a person who called to
cry. So let's let the,
let the crying happen first.
Like listening in that case
is her superpower and letting
that person get that, get
that process out. They didn't
call to fix it. They
called to have an outlet
to have a place to
talk about it. They'll fix
it in a minute, but
let them have their moment.
And I've learned that from
her. Oh yeah, man. I
couldn't, I could not agree.
More empathy is all about
listening and not trying to
fix it. So there's this
really good book. There's two
books that I kind of
recommend, but you've probably heard
about, so you want to
talk about race, you see
in that book. Yeah, absolutely.
It has her on the
show actually, man, that book
blew my mind because that
it actually called out privilege.
And there's a lot of
things that I actually didn't
know that I was privileged,
but there was the first
person it's like, look to
make me think about how
privilege, like, you know, crazy
stuff. Like I was in
the military, I worked for
NSA. I had access to
all these computers, all this
different things, the training, my
master's degree born in the
U S so yeah. So,
but that book also talks
about empathy and how important
it is to just sometimes
just listen and I'll try
to fix it. Cause if
you're, if you're trying to
fix it, you can't listen.
Well, you can't do you
can't, you can't do two
things at the same time.
Yeah. I'm going to make
sure that there's links in
the show notes to that
book. So you want to
talk about race by each
OMA  as well as
your book. Of course. And
when was your other recommendation?
I sorta, the next one
is dare to lead and
lead. Yeah. By Bernay Brown.
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely amazing. Because
she also talks about empathy.
You know, something that I've
figured out and by reading
those books is like men
and women write books differently
because, and, and, and this
is going to be, this
is somewhat of a general
statement. This is what I've
learned and seen where myself,
women, women, right. Well, remember
white super-well about all kinds
of business stuff, but the
tone of how they, they
talk about stuff is totally
different. For instance, like crazy
enough. Scott Adams has a couple
of books, Scott Adams. He, he
actually the, the writer of
Dilbert, but his, his, his
tone and how he talks
about stuff is like male,
very masculine, probably even chauvinistically
tones. And then when I
listened to a book written
by some of the women,
it's like a super empathetic
feminine tones. And, and even
as subject matter, talking about
empathy, because if you talk
about ying and yang energy,
like I believe that that
men, they bring that, that
dark energy a lot. And
so women bring the opposite
in many cases. And I
know I'm speaking a little
bit general her, but what
I found out is like,
it's good to take in
books from women and man
to have some kind of
balance because a lot of
business leaders are men. And
if you listen to the,
that, you're just going to
be like, like hardcore, like
that Uber type, you know,
Uber, Facebook, you know, sales,
sales, sales, you know, whatever.
And, but if you take
in a both, that's what
I'm trying to do with
my company is build a
culture that accommodates both the
ying and yang. Well, it's
also interesting to just think
about why we think of
those things as being male
and how we, as men
can reclaim empathy and it
can be a people thing.
And like, why can't men
be empathetic? What does that
mean to be thought of
as a feminine thing? Like
you look at like, people
like the rock and who
are both very masculine in
his presentation, but also extremely
thoughtful Terry crews. These are
very, very empathetic men like
that. We can reclaim that
as men. I could not
agree with you more. And
so in, in English, we
would say either feminine and
masculine in different languages, they
have different ways to describe
this in. It's not necessarily
related to gender and all
that stuff. So absolutely 100%
agree if you listen to
some, like some of the
African culture, some of the
far East culture, Indian culture,
they have way more ways
to describe what I'm trying
to talk about here than
we do. But in, in
America, for sure, the masculinity
and not one had had
any softness about a man,
man, can't cry. Oh, that
stuff is definitely a problem.
Well, man, gender is a
spectrum, right? Like once we
figured that out, we'll, we'll
be a lot better For
sure. I mean, so like
my, one of my best
friends is from hotter bod
Roter, di brother, he's from
India in their culture. They,
they do stuff like, you
know, hold hands with their
friends. Like two males can
walk down the street and
it's totally, totally innocent. Totally.
Nothing hug like in like
what if American saw that?
You know, he, you know,
even like, you know what,
what's going on, man. You
know, if, if my friend
tried to grab an American's
Manhattan, it would be a
problem. There was a, a
really great viral video that
went, it was on Twitter
a couple of days ago
where a gentleman was testing
out to see whether men
were basically, he was running
around complementing men. So we'd
walk up to a man
on the street and say,
Hey, nice, nice butt. Or
you look nice today or
whatever. And he had no
idea what of those gentlemen
were gay or not. And
some of the reactions, and
this is now in 2019,
we're super positive because the
people who were complimenting weren't
gay, but they said, Oh
man, that is a very
nice, thank you. You made
my day, like it's okay
to take a compliment. It's
okay to say, man, I
appreciate you. Thank you very
much. And then there was
one little gift that ended
up being the man who
walked away after the compliment,
even though it was a
gay man giving a compliment
to a straight man, he
had a little swagger in
his step. So you were,
he was clear that it
legitimately made this dude's day.
And he like was like,
Hey, you know, somebody found
me attractive. They weren't my,
my preferred person. But Hey,
then he just had a
little, little swagger, a little
attitude for the rest of
the day. And he must've
felt pretty good about himself.
Getting that compliment live is
so awesome, dude. I love
it. Yeah, man. Well, I
really appreciate you chatting with
me today. People can check
you out@threatcare.com. They can sign
up for the PDF of
tribe of hackers. And it's
also now of course, a
bestseller on Amazon. So they
should check that out. Thank
you so much, Marcus Kerry
for talking to me, I
appreciate your time. Thanks for
having me. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again, then
.